It's fine if you can't practice pills
Also boast about this Haikou
Let Elder Wu come out and embarrass you
Mianyang, your scheming is deep enough
Yes!
I have never been exposed to pills
Elder Wu himself said you can, you can
Elder Wu has never practiced single
You can directly guide him to place an order first.
Isn't it a fantasy
You don't really want to rely on a mouth
Just want to cultivate a Xianchi alchemist
Elder Wu
OK
catch fire
pretend to be a god
You have to see what tricks you can play
Fame
condensed into liquid
Hmph, that's alchemy
I think this is a waste of pills
Not only close your eyes
Release the soul
Integrate into Danding
Those first-grade alchemists
Certainly not an old monster that has lived for thousands of years
He's 20 years old.
How could it be more moral than those old guys?
Although Elder Wu is refining pills for the first time
But under the guidance of the antelope, sin is refined
How could you comment like that?
Can it really be made into eggs?
Which innate alchemist?
Not after thousands of years of hard work
It was hard to get
It's this rusty kid
With a few pointers, you can list the first-rate comrades
Grand Elder
You are underestimating the current level of the third division
The time has come
Okay, I have practiced this Dan Xiang
This breath is really a fairy-grade elixir
What the elder said before is still true
Someone will ruin his cultivation for me
Stop